well i'm pleased to present the new 50
series model that i designed this year
this is the first year that I've used
african blackwood which you know as you
can see is as its name greg black it's
very heavy very dense but very very fine
texture and I have found that it has
lived up to its expectations more than
the doctors experts and expectations
very clear very loud and yet very
sensitive at the same time so I am going
to continue to use african blackwood as
one of our 50 options for this year on
this particular 50 have used figured
figured maple 5-piece neck
Michaels has fight
I'm sorry also on this guitar I've used
California redwood top
with the figure Tasmanian Blackwood
cycle as
I'm abalone and then figured Tasmanian
bindings
bigger Tasmanian son box bevel
and we have find in the last year to two
years that everybody really loves the
bevel because it's so comfortable but I
was also able to leave voice the sandbox
to take account of the slightly smaller
soundboard created by the bubble so I've
carved the bracing in a different way
the compensate for that on the sound is
we're right pleased indeed this guitar
has been the pick of the bunch at this
year's show everybody who played just
really really loved it for its volume
projection and it's big bass but yet
retaining all the clarity that a player
likes